Update Experiment PHP SDK with AssignmentTrackingProvider docs (#199)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/sdks/php-sdk.md

}
```

### Assignment tracking

You can configure the local evaluation client to send [assignment events](../../general/experiment-event-tracking/#assignment-events) to Amplitude.

???config "Configuration Options"
    | <div class="big-column">Name</div> | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | `assignmentTrackingProvider` | The AssignmentTrackingProvider used to send assignment events. | *required* |
    | `cacheCapacity` | The maximum number of assignments stored in the assignment cache. | `65536` |
    | `apiKey` | The analytics API key. Not to be confused with the experiment deployment key. | *required* |
    | `minIdLength` | The minimum length of `userId` and `deviceId`. | `5` |

#### AssignmentTrackingProvider

> The local evaluation client uses an assignment tracking provider to send assignment events to Amplitude. While a default assignment tracking provider is provided for the use of testing, due to its synchronous nature, Amplitude recommends that you use a custom provider for increased flexibility and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local evaluation client uses an assignment tracking provider to send assignment events to Amplitude. Amplitude provides a default assignment tracking provider, but this is best used for testing due to its synchronous nature. Amplitude recommends that you use a custom provider for increased flexibility and performance.
```

```php title="AssignmentTrackingProvider"
<?php
interface AssignmentTrackingProvider {
  public function track(Assignment $assignment): void;
}
```

> `track()` is called by the local evaluation client when an assignment event needs to be tracked, which happens when [`evaluate()`](#evaluate) is used. The implementation of `track()` should eventually result in the event being sent to Amplitude Analytics.

Author: Ah my wording was unclear here. `evaluate()` will always create an assignment event, which will be sent via `track()` (after deduplication within the SDK).

> `track()` is called by the local evaluation client when an assignment event needs to be tracked, which happens when [`evaluate()`](#evaluate) is used. The implementation of `track()` should eventually result in the event being sent to Amplitude Analytics.

Reviewer: Got it. Just want to make sure we're providing the right context with the code sample.

The code sample demonstrates calling `track()`, and there's an assignment variable there. Is that variable the output of a previous `evaluate()` call?

If so, does this make sense?

> The local evaluation client calls `track()` on any untracked assignments that result from a previous evaluation. After deduplication in the SDK, `track()` sends the event to Analytics.

> `track()` is called by the local evaluation client when an assignment event needs to be tracked, which happens when [`evaluate()`](#evaluate) is used. The implementation of `track()` should eventually result in the event being sent to Amplitude Analytics.

Author: So within the `evaluate()` call, if assignment tracking has been set up, all evaluations will result in an assignment event being created, we then check it against the assignment cache to see if the same assignment has been sent recently, if not, `track()` is automatically called.

> `track()` is called by the local evaluation client when an assignment event needs to be tracked, which happens when [`evaluate()`](#evaluate) is used. The implementation of `track()` should eventually result in the event being sent to Amplitude Analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local evaluation client calls `track()` when it determines there are untracked assignment events. It compares the resulting assignment from `evaluate()` with the assignment cache and tracks it if it's not in the cache.
```

Not trying to be nitpicky about this, just want to try to make it as clear as possible.

Author: Not at all, thanks for the help! I think this is much clearer.

| Parameter | Requirement | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `assignment` | required | The object representing an Experiment assignment event |

#### DefaultAssignmentTrackingProvider

> The default assignment tracking provider is a basic implementation of the interface which uses the synchronous internal `Amplitude` package. It is only recommended for use of testing and applications where latency is less of a concern.

Reviewer: It might be worth adding some more context around the difference between  `AssignmentTrackingProvider` and `DefaultAssignmentTrackingProvider`. 

Why do we recommend the default only for testing and applications where latency isn't as much of a concern? Why is there increased latency?

Author: This is because the `DefaultAssignmentTrackingProvider` is implemented to send blocking, synchronous HTTP requests directly to Amplitude, which takes time to resolve. A custom `AssignmentTrackingProvider` implementation can take strategies to mitigate this (e.g. sending assignment events to another service which processes them async).

> The default assignment tracking provider is a basic implementation of the interface which uses the internal `Amplitude` package to send assignment events via synchronous HTTP requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default assignment tracking provider is a basic implementation of the interface which uses the internal `Amplitude` package to send assignment events through synchronous HTTP requests.
```
